well howdy they're gonna have the
bullets bubble again something like
we're gonna talk about partisanship
because man had his own full display
lately
partisanship when you have developed
such a loyalty to a party that you
forget to be loyal to yourself and your
principles and it's I mean if you just
look at the last few days and you look
at the headlines if you go to a liberal
leaning website right now you will
undoubtedly find a headline that says
rich guy with connections to trump
arrested for heinous things you go to a
conservative website you will
undoubtedly find an article that says
rich guy with connections to Clinton
arrested for horrible things both of
those are true this guy was connected to
a lot of people a lot of people did
President Clinton or President Trump
engage in these activities with him no
no I imagine we'll find out to be honest
to find out that either or both engaged
in it would not surprise me there's a
level of depravity that comes with that
much money with having to push the
limits having that kind of money in
power at the same time we also need to
remember in reference to that last video
all of these people come from good
families so whether or not occurred
doesn't necessarily mean we'll find out
and even if we find out it doesn't
necessarily mean they'll be punished
and that that fact rests in large part
on people's partisanship and their
willingness to overlook the things that
their party did while condemning the
exact same activity from the other side
you hear it a lot on just about any
topic when something comes up and
somebody gets a new corner during a
discussion they will inevitably say but
Obama did it but Bush did it but Clinton
did it and that's what people say what I
hear is I don't fault the second person
in a gang rape if it's wrong it's wrong
the fact that somebody else did it first
doesn't make it better if the policy is
wrong it is wrong and you know you've
got a whole bunch of people who are very
very outraged over the allegations
towards this this this this guy and but
they support the camps they support the
Trump concentration camps find it very
hard to believe that outrage there are
physical facilities where that type of
activity is going on thousands of
reports thousands of complaints
but don't care one party at the moment
does not care if you ever reach the
point where you can up up play or
downplay child abuse of that type for
political ends that should be a red flag
you have gone way too far down that
rabbit hole you have lost yourself in
support of an elephant or a donkey we
might want to remember that these types
of things occur because we silently
consent to it we condone it we don't
raise our voice these things happen
because we allow it anyway
it's just a thought I'll have a good
night